[RelayMiner]: add `proxy.Ping(...)` capability to test connectivity between relay servers and backend URLs (#1037)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/operate/configs/relayminer_config.md

You can learn how to use that endpoint on the [Performance Troubleshooting](../../develop/developer_guide/performance_troubleshooting.md) page.

### `ping`

Configures a `ping` server to test the connectivity of all backend URLs. If
all the backend URLs are reachable, the endpoint returns a 204 HTTP
Code. If one or more backend URLs aren't reachable, the service

> returns an 500 HTTP Internal server error.

Author: https://github.com/eddyzags/poktroll/commit/8529cbc36588a257069ce28174dd8671ad873918

You can learn how to use that endpoint on the [Performance Troubleshooting](../../develop/developer_guide/performance_troubleshooting.md) page.

### `ping`

_`Optional`_

> Configures a `ping` server to test the connectivity of all backend URLs. If
> all the backend URLs are reachable, the endpoint returns a 204 HTTP
> Code. If one or more backend URLs aren't reachable, the service
> returns an appropriate HTTP error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ConfigurePingHandler sets up a health check server that:
// - Tests connectivity to all configured backend URLs
// - Returns HTTP 204 if all backends are reachable
// - Returns appropriate HTTP error if any backend is unreachable
```

Author: Your suggestion seems to refer to a function or method named `ConfigurePingHandler`. However, this text is intended for the docusaurus documentation exposed at https://dev.poktroll.com/operate/configs/relayminer_config.
Additionally, there isn't any method, function, or option named `ConfigurePingHandler,` which could lead to confusion, in my opinion. Is this intentional?
